=pod

README for fb++elisp

=head1 DESCRIPTION

fb++elisp - (X)emacs modes for Alain Coetmeur's flex++ and bison++.

This package contains modes for flex, bison, and their respective
variants 'flex++' and 'bison++' by Alain Coetmeur.

=head1 INSTALLATION

Issue the following commands to the shell:

 cd fb++elisp/  # (or wherever you unpacked the distribution)

 # (edit the Makefile to suit your system)

 make
 make install

=head1 EMACS CONFIGURATION

Add something like the following to your ~/.emacs to get autoloading
working correctly:

 ;;;-----------------------------------------------------------------------
 ;;; flex(++), bison(++) modes
 ;;;-----------------------------------------------------------------------
 (autoload 'make-regexp "make-regexp" "Trie generation utility" t)
 (autoload 'flex-mode "flex-mode" "Major mode for Lex/Flex sources" t)
 (autoload 'bison-mode "bison-mode" "Major mode for Yacc/Bison sources" t)
 (autoload 'flex++-mode "flex++-mode" "Major mode for Flex++ sources" t)
 (autoload 'bison++-mode "bison++-mode" "Major mode for Bison++ sources" t)
 (setq auto-mode-alist (cons '("\\.l$" . flex-mode) auto-mode-alist))
 (setq auto-mode-alist (cons '("\\.y$" . bison-mode) auto-mode-alist))
 (setq auto-mode-alist (cons '("\\.yy$" . bison++-mode) auto-mode-alist))
 (setq auto-mode-alist (cons '("\\.ll$" . flex++-mode) auto-mode-alist))

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

'flex++' and 'bison++' by Alain Coetmeur.

'flex-mode.el' and 'bison-mode.el' by Eric Beuscher.

=head1 BROUGHT TO YOU BY

Bryan Jurish E<lt>moocow@ling.uni-potsdam.deE<gt>

=head1 SEE ALSO

lex(1).
flex(1).
flex++(1).
yacc(1).
bison(1).
bison++(1).
