=pod

README for package 'flex++bison++'

=head1 DESCRIPTION

flex++bison++ - A distribution based on Alain Coetmeur's C++ ports
of the popular scanner- and parser-generators.

Additionally, this package contains Eric Beuscher's (X)emacs LISP
code with major editing modes for flex, bison, and their respective
C++ variants.

=head1 INSTALLATION

Issue the following commands to the shell:

 sh ./configure
 make
 make install

See the file INSTALL in the top-level distribution
directory for details.

=head1 CONFIGURATION OPTIONS

The configure script has several "--enable-PACKAGE"
and "--with-PACKAGE=VALUE" options.  See "configure --help"
for details.

=head1 BUILD FROM CVS

To build from CVS, you need the GNU utilities
automake, autoconf, and libtool.  If
you have these, you can just run the top-level
script:

 sh ./autogen.sh

This will create the 'configure' script and other
necessary build files.

=head1 EMACS CONFIGURATION

Add something like the following to your ~/.emacs to get autoloading
working correctly:

 ;;;-----------------------------------------------------------------------
 ;;; flex(++), bison(++) modes
 ;;;-----------------------------------------------------------------------
 (autoload 'make-regexp "make-regexp" "Trie generation utility" t)
 (autoload 'flex-mode "flex-mode" "Major mode for Lex/Flex sources" t)
 (autoload 'bison-mode "bison-mode" "Major mode for Yacc/Bison sources" t)
 (autoload 'flex++-mode "flex++-mode" "Major mode for Flex++ sources" t)
 (autoload 'bison++-mode "bison++-mode" "Major mode for Bison++ sources" t)
 (setq auto-mode-alist (cons '("\\.l$" . flex-mode) auto-mode-alist))
 (setq auto-mode-alist (cons '("\\.y$" . bison-mode) auto-mode-alist))
 (setq auto-mode-alist (cons '("\\.yy$" . bison++-mode) auto-mode-alist))
 (setq auto-mode-alist (cons '("\\.ll$" . flex++-mode) auto-mode-alist))


=head1 KNOWN BUGS

Probably many.

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

flex++ and bison++ by Alain Coetmeur.

flex-mode.el by Eric Beuscher,
bison-mode.el Copyright (C) 1998 Eric Beuscher.

This distribution was compiled as part of the DWDS project
("Digitales Wörterbuch deutscher Sprache"
= "digital dictionary of the German language") at the
Berlin-Brandenburgische Akademie der Wissenschaften.
For details on the DWDS project, visit: http://www.dwds.de.

=head1 BROUGHT TO YOU BY

Bryan Jurish E<lt>moocow@ling.uni-potsdam.deE<gt>

=head1 SEE ALSO

ftp://iecc.com/pub/file/bison++flex++
lex(1).
flex(1).
flex++(1).
yacc(1).
bison(1).
bison++(1).

=cut
